---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Paying for the welder, $100 for 3d printers, various announcements
date: 2014-09-09
time:
  open: "20:08"
  close: "20:56"
members:
  - Aaron Bycroft
  - David Bussenschutt
  - Alan Blake
  - Sven Hanzka
  - Eric Reader
  - Karl Richardson
  - Hamish McGregor
  - Luke Hovington
  - Victor Vicario
  - Timeka Beecham
  - Brendan Halliday
  - Matthew Leeper
  - Peter Caelli
  - Chang-Yi Yao
  - Blair Calderara
  - Mike Ando
author: Timeka Beecham
signed: Victor Vicario
---

## Agenda

### Financial Items
* Bear's request- pay for welder and refund the members who donated towards it. Either total amount or gap. Members who donated should speak up about what they think.
* $100 for 3d printer revamp.

### Announcements
* What consumables do we need? i.e Screws, cable ties, heatshrink, etc.
* Thanks to Bear for helping with the gas bottle situation
* Reassess the setup for the forging - stop damage and improve area. (because of landlord and property damage)
* Luke must be advised if laser needs adjustment, before it is touched.
* The front door is bugging- can anyone help by fixing the code?
* Ongoing projects that members can help with.
* Mike has another presentation to announce

---

## Meeting Notes


Victor opens meeting

#### Financial
Bear will have the new welder soon and he wants the space to pay the whole amount so he can refund the members who contributed.
mike asks for our financial position- we a $5000 over operating min
Bear points out he saved the space lots of money by saving gas bottles. He also points out we need other things to get it going like tips and helmets and accessories. 
Members can choose to leave their donation with Bear to buy the accessories we'll need.
Vote for welder
For 17
Against 1
Abstained 2

Sven- 3D printer revamp. He comments that most Hackerspace printing is happening on private printers, so he is taking on the job of getting our printers working again. This will be for new hotends and other parts. It is likely we'll need more parts in the future.
Vote 
For 17
Against 0
Abstained 1

#### Announcements

Victor- there was a group that came by today who had a look around and would like to give a talk to us about their company's product Pcduino. They will provide free drinks on Saturday. Please go on the forum and submit your interest. It will only go ahead if we have enough interest. 
Daniel Z wants to let us know that he will be going to Shenzen and can bring back small items for the space if we need anything.
Consumables that we need- Tapes, glue, wood glue, stationary, carbide tips, solid core wire for breadboards, filament, screws
Thanks to Bear
workshop tomorrow 4 to 9pm
In reference to the blacksmithing- Landlord asked us to move or cover the mess that's visible from the road. Need to cover the area so we don't cause heat damage to the property. Mike asks that they keep the work away from the driveway area. 
Laser has had some problems with it being fiddled with. Luke- you shouldn't do anything but cut. Hamish- just moving the device will ruin the alignment.
Problem with the front door. The entire system needs to be overhauled. Sid has offered to have a look at it again. 
Mike will buy a drink for anyone who completes a cleaning task.
Pepsi Next is on sale because it's going out of date, 50c a can. You can buy it for a dollar and get a refund from Mike or ask him to get it for you. You can also buy in bulk. 
Mike has been living off powdered food substitute (like Soylent), and will be doing a talk next week and will have sample sets available for $5 or meals for $8 next Tuesday at 6:30pmish
Aaron wants people to stop leaving their projects on the side benches. Nog wants people to put their names on project invites so we know who to approach about it.
Victor has started the Kickstarter Campaign and has posters available for people to take and put up at uni or any of their outlets. It will have all sorts of rewards that are suitable for anyone, so direct all your friends to like the page.
Aaron wants the Kickstarter to reduce target to $5000 cause it's more likely to be reached. Victor says NO. Others agree to reduce it. 
Luke- there are projects that anyone can help out with around the space so come and alk to him if you'd like to help. 


