---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Park Permits, Discourse forum.
date: 2014-02-04
time:
  open: "19:58"
  close: "20:32"
meeting:
  - Eric Reader
  - Hayden Petrick
  - Timeka Beecham
  - Sarah-Jayne Proud
  - James Beechain
  - Sidney Watters
  - Sebastian Petrik
  - Hamish Mcgregor
  - Timothy Reichle
  - Sieon Higgs
  - David Douglas
  - Shane Cocks
  - Lachian Gordon
  - David Bussenschutt
  - James Churchill
  - Daniel Tullemans
  - Brendan Carmichael
  - Brendan Hall
  - Brendan Halliday
  - Drew Triebe
  - Aaron Bycroft
  - Lochlainn Wilson
  - Michael Anderson
author: Sidney Watters
signed: Lochlainn Wilson
---

## Agenda

No Agenda Available

---

## Meeting Notes

Thank you people for all work on Saturday. Sever room cleaned, fix some
doors,etc.

We are spending a lot of money on removing waste from space, approximate $1100
in the last year spent on +3 skips in last year, and multitude of dump runs.

We have talked about having someone to manage what's coming in. Also people want
a wanted list of parts/stuff to user at the space

Joshua pointed out parking permits are getting abused. There are 3 points that
need to be addressed with parking permits.

1. Item 1:	People are put writing parking permits with 6 months or 10 years on
   them. He suggests limited 2 week, 1 months, 3 months. Lochlainn agreed 3
   months is a reasonable period, and wants an “administered by” add to the form
   too. David (Buzz) also agreed 3 months is less headache to manage than shorter
   time limits. Most members seem to think 3 months, so a vote was called for
   parking permits to have a maximum period of 3 months.

   21 people voted in favour, and 1 person against.

2. Item 2:	Parking permits are hard to get during the week as it requires an
   executive signatures. Joshua suggested that we change the parking permits so
   that "2 members other" than the person who gear the permit is for, are required
   to sign A vote called for 2 other members to sign a parking permit.

   22 people voted in favour, Nil against.

3. Item 3: parking tickets, as per the above rule, so “any two members” can issue
   one?

   23in favour, no against.

4. Item 4:	We need to fix how we deal with cars onsite. People are worried about
   the disposal cost of removing abandon cars. Joshua proposed a $500 “bond”. But
   most seemed against it. Michael suggested its way too much money. Suggesting
   about $10/month extra instead Lochlainn suggested that “large items outside”
   should be respectable looking, so suggests a car cover. Other people had
   suggestions but they where quickly shot down Josh summarised that “large outdoor
   item permit”, with a signed disclaimer giving the right to remove the item after
   a given period, and with some form of “bond”? A quick informal poll was taken.
   Most members think having a fee attached is not valuable. It was decided that
   we will revisit large item parking ticket after drawing up something more formal
   to cover large outdoor items.

The executives have discussed the different forums and decided we are going with
Discourse. The mailing list will be maintained for the time being for
announcements and what not. Eventual plan is to get rid of mailing list in
favour of discourse. Please support this ideal. If you wish to be taken “off”
discourse, please see Joshua for the time being, or change your settings to
non-email.
