---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Financial position, power bill, cleaning weekend, votes for lighting equipment and cleaning supplies, red ticket rules. 
date: 2015-01-27
time:
  open: "20:16"
  close: "20:55"
members:
- James Churchill
- Daniel Zimmer
- Leon Muller
- Sven Hanzka
- Joshua Hogendorn
- Victor Vicario
- Ben Cahil
- Robert Denney
- Tim Owen
- Craig Gunthorpe
- Timothy Reichle
- Hamish McGregor
- Shane Plater
- Hayden Petrick
- Karl Richardson
- Aaron Bycroft
- Peter Caelli
- Blair Calderara
- Don McGuinness
- Brenden Halliday
- Timeka Beecham

author: Timeka Beecham
signed: Victor Vicario
---

## Agenda

Date: 27/01/15
Time: 8pm (after dinner)

### Announcements and Questions to Members
* Change to red ticket and asset management rules- Options on thread (Buzz)
* Vote on whether underutilised and misused areas should be locked up- excludes common areas regularly used and not belonging to a cause (Sven and Buzz)
* Plans for common area maintenance and cleaning (Timeka)
* Initial funding of causes to buy cleaning supplies and other things to get them up an running (Sven)
* Can we give the entertainment arm to a person with spinal injury to enable him to use his computer in bed? (Sven)
* Financial report

### Financial
* Karl requests vote for executive members to have free membership
* $150 Power usage monitoring kit (Beau)
* $300 for a long term supply of sharp drill bits (Karl)
* $170 for lighting improvement in the warehouse (Karl)
* $165 for brooms, dustpan and brushes and shovels (Karl)

---

## Meeting Notes

Victor opens and asks people to only vote if they have paid and to sign the attendance sheet.
$18,000 in the bank at the moment, $16,000 by the end of today after bills, however our power bill is unknown (worst case $11,000), so Luke suggest not to spend much money. 
Sven says the landlord will bill us $550 a month, which is about the correct amount based on Beau’s calculations. This means we have $6600 of power bills a year, which will use a big part of our yearly  income.
Identified problems for energy useage- the aircon in the server room, lighting particularly big ones. Sven says that maybe the giant floodlights that are occasionally turned on for boats are still going through our power metre. There is talk of passively cooling the server room.
Nog says we were drawing 16kWh one day when he and Beau were here. 
Sven mentions that our lease is likely to increase in the coming year because we have to renegotiate. 
Josh says that we can’t get DGR charity rates. Worst case, rates go to $13000 a year.
Seven says our bills make us unsustainable in our current premises, so we have to draw in members by staying clean.
Josh says we need to think of other ways to bring in cash like grants, things like the BBQ, classes, retaining members.
Peter suggests we give back to the community and run classes. 
Sven says this weekend is the big cleanup. Who’s coming? and he’ll hold you to it.
Victor also says the building painting day is coming up, and he wants us to come along.
Timeka mentions that if you are part of a cause, which you all are, you are supposed to help clean your area. 

Karl request for executive to have free membership. Josh says that will cost us $300 a month. 
Timeka mentions that it’s hard to pay sometimes and can’t be a Woofer because she’s already putting in all the hours she has.
Nog thinks executive should be able to be woofers but only if they are in hardship i.e. not having any months paid in advance. 

Vote:
For: 15
Against: 2
Abstained: 2

Sharp drill bits. Karl would like to table it until there is more money. Nog seconds it.

Vote for lighting in the warehouse- Karl to put up fluros so needs extension leads and chains to set it up. This is to make it unnecessary to use the giant halogen lights. 
For: 22
Against: 0 
Abstained: 0

Vote for brooms and dustpans or shovels so each cause area has a set that stays there. 
For: 22
against: 0 
Abstained: 1

Buzz- red tickets. Red tickets have been put on HSBNE property or long term loans that are unmarked. 
Sven says he did it specifically to bring attention to items that have been in a dark corner so they get some action and get utilised.
Buzz has made some options for changing the red ticket and asset system:
Proposal OPTION 1:
 -
Red Ticket (and description of same on website) to have wording revised
so they ONLY apply to Item/s that are clearly "not assets to HSBNE". 
This would make it AGAINST group rules to red-ticket a HSBNE asset of
any sort.
 - All HSBNE Assets should be identified, in as
consistent a manner as possible, across the entire site, using labels,
agreed colouration, and/or some form of barcode and logo.
 - 
Causes become responsible for labeling all "assets" in their area, in a
manner consistent with the  above point, and consistent with all other
causes.
 - when unlableled equipment in "common areas"
that is clearly the property of HSBNE is discovered it should be
immediately labeled by one of the membership in the usual way.  anything
that is questionable, and may possibly be an asset, should brought the
the attention of the group ( a post on the forum with a picture and
description is appropriate), where the status of this item can be
resolved. "Is this a HSBNE Asset?" is the question to ask.

Proposal OPTION 2:
 - Red Ticket (and description of same on website) to have wording
revised so they explicitly ALSO apply to Item/s that are ( or could be)   assets to
HSBNE.   This would make it PART OF group rules to red-ticket an unlabeled HSBNE
asset .
 - All HSBNE Assets should be
identified, in as consistent a manner as possible, across the entire
site, using labels, agreed colouration, and/or some form of barcode and logo.
 -  Causes become responsible for labeling all "assets" in their area,
in a manner consistent with the  above point, and consistent with all
other causes.
 - Unlableled equipment in "common areas" that may
possibly be the property of HSBNE will naturally, as part of the
red-ticket system, be brought the the attention of the group ( with  a
post on the forum with a picture and description ), and any member/s who
can identify the item as being a group asset, then have up-to 2 weeks
to properly label it, or it will be considered unwanted/unloved, and
will be disposed of as a non-asset.

Proposal OPTION 3:
 -
HSBNE does not formally identify it's assets, and continues to do what
it's done to-date ( where some stuff optionally has "donated by" or
"loaned by" stickers, but no real enforcement ).

 -
Causes become responsible for labeling all "assets" in their own area,
and can do it in any way they feel fit.   They don't even have to talk
to each other, and may all do it differently.

 - As common areas have no requirement to label assets, red tickets MAY NOT be issued  in "common areas" ( ie non-cause areas ).

 -  anything that is in the way, or questionable, or may possibly be an asset, should brought the the attention of the group (
a post on the forum with a picture and description is appropriate),
where the status of this item can be resolved. "Is this a HSBNE Asset? Is it Abandoned?"  Are the questions to ask.  



Nog- everything needs to be labeled by the cause so things stay in their area.
Sven likes the colour coding that Karl started. 
Buzz 
Cause labeling and marking
For: 20
general hsbne labeling
For: 20
Red tickets on all unmarked things and things needing attention
For: 19

Timeka on cleaning common areas
Josh- we spray areas in classes, 1. Never ever leave stuff here, 2. Work area where you can leave stuff for a few days, 3. Areas you can store things on month long Parking permit. 

Sven- you need to contact Luke to register your cause, then you can receive money for getting them up and running. 

Buzz- the locking up of cause areas that are not maintained. 
Areas without a cause being locked up- is it fair to lock an area if no one wants to take it on? Sven says we are running over capacity and we need to only use what we can maintain. If somewhere is unused it is cleaned out and locked. Buzz says it’s not clear in the rules, what is and isn’t common areas. Josh will draft something up.

Daniel Z. asks if we can do a press release about the disability computer arm being donated. Will be put on the next agenda as it cost money.
