---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Update on Lease, update on BCC meeting, PWC Podcast, HSBNE Flyer and Member Storage Cleanout. 
date: 2015-11-03
time:
  open: "20:10"
  close: "21:35"
members:
  - Karl Richardson
  - Sven Hanzka
  - Timeka Beecham
  - Joshua Hodgendorn
  - Stephanie Piper
  - Jason Beattie
  - Brendon Carmichael
  - Brendon Halliday
  - David Bussenschutt
  - James Churchill
  - Jake Saunders
  - Timothy Reichle
  - Alex Wixted
  - Adam Blake
  - Robert Denny
  - Matthew Gundry
  - Alan Blake
  - Niklas Casaril
  - David Thomson
  - Alexander Wide
  - Nathan Beveridge
  - Aaron Bycroft
  - Robert Smith
  - Jim Borman
  - Daniel Zimmer
  - Chang-yi Yao
  - Phil Gowenlock
  - Lysa 
  - Scott Wilson

author: Stephanie Piper
signed: Karl Richardson
---

## Agenda

  - Treasurer's Report
  - Update on Wendy's meeting
  - Update on BCC Meeting
  - PWC Podcast5
  - Litter Reminder
  - HSBNE Flyer
  - Member's Storage Cleanout

---

## General Meeting Notes

  - Treasurer's Report: Treasurer away
  - Update on Wendy's meeting:  
	- Fire service, toilet servicing, gardening and general maintenance will be completed by colliers, the cost of these services will be split 
	between the groups, but we wont be paying rates so it'll probably end up a little in our financial favor.  
	- No storage in common areas, but all shipping container locations wil be marked on the lease. Two more shipping containers will be placed where the 
	old shed next door used to be. A roofed area for blacksmithing will be placed in between the containers and the machine shop end of the building.  
	-  All containers can be modified just like any other building, with approval. They will be available to buy at the end of tenancy.
	-  3rd container will be available for the chem lab depending upon on planning approval.  	
	-  We can put up pergolas etc. with approval. 
	-  Team Arrow will be occupying the 3 woodshop end rooms. We will build 3 separate areas in which to place the wood shop, machine shop and welding shop. 
	This includes upgrading of electrical systems to accommodate these areas. 
	-  Lease looks like it'll end up as 2+1+1+1 years hinging on some loose Key Performance Indicators (KPIs).
	-  KPIs will be outlined in the lease which will be available in the next 2 weeks.
	-  All our "services" such as access etc. will be dealt with separately, no other groups will be reliant on any of our infrastructure.
	-  We get right to first refusal if it happens that arrow or rcms decide to leave, i.e. We will not regain space lost if they decide to leave. 
	-  We will receive at least 6 months notice to vacate the premises. We have the right to leave at any point.
	-  Everyones KPIs will be available to everyone else, so long as it isnt breaching any commercial confidentiality.
	-  We will most likely get use of the area that used to have shed on it next door to use as a hard stand storage area.  
	-  We need to provide notice about what exactly our requirements are for our various areas so they can be accommodated. 
	So next thing we need to be doing is nutting out a layout for wood shop, machine shop and welding shop.
	-  In summary, we've lost a lot of space, but we're likely to end up with higher quality space as a result. 
  - Update on BCC Meeting:
	- Steph, Karl and Adam met with Colleen from BCC and she recommended we sign up for the community facility waiting list.  An unoccupied bowls club would offer the same or greater amount of space and may be suitable for our increased growth.
  - PWC Podcast:  Marek from pwc's Chair in Digital Economy recorded a podcast featuring HSBNE.  [Listen here](http://www.chairdigitaleconomy.com.au/hackerspace-brisbane-a-hidden-haven-for-makers-on-the-digital-dialogue/).
  - Litter Reminder:  Please clean up after yourselves. 
  - HSBNE Flyer:  [Forum post](http://forum.hsbne.org/t/hsbne-flyer/1280) 
  - Member's Storage Cleanout:  [Forum post](http://forum.hsbne.org/t/members-storage-cleanout/1278)
