---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Men's Shed/Team Arrow Update, Executive Discretionary Funds, LT2 Membership.
date: 2015-10-20
time:
  open: "20:40"
  close: "21:00"
members:
  - Karl Richardson
  - Sven Hanzka
  - Timeka Beecham
  - Joshua Hodgendorn
  - Stephanie Piper
  - Jason Beattie
  - Luke Hovington
  - Brendon Halliday
  - Alexander Wixted
  - Alan Blake
  - Simeon Higgs
  - Sven Tiede
  - Daniel Zimmer
  - Jake Saunders
  - Colin Houtham
  - Matthew Gundry
  - David Morgan
  - David Bussenschutt
  - Phil Gowenlock
  - Will Stobo
  - Chang-Yi Yao
  - Scott Wilson
  - Lysa Singh
  - Jim Borman
  - Peter Caelli
  - Adam Blake
  - Nathan Beveridge
  - Timothy Reichle
  - James Churchill
  - Aaron Bycroft
  - Blair Calderara
  - Niklas Castril
author: Stephanie Piper
signed: Karl Richardson
---

## Agenda
- Treasurer's Report
- LT2 Update
- LT2 Membership: Propose 20% discount as part of partnership
- Men's Shed & Team Arrow Update
- Proposal to reimburse Alan for trailer lights
- Executive Discretionary Funds:  Proposal to allow $400 per month to replace presidential descretionary with majority of executive and treasurer approval for any purchases. 
- Draft Quorum Policy
- New Treasurer needed


---

## Meeting Notes
- Treasurer's Report: $22k in bank, will be paying power bills in near future. 
- LT2 Update: Karl has made a sign for LT2's new building and the table is completed. 
- LT2 Membership: Propose 20% discount as part of partnership: Unanimous Y
- Men's Shed & Team Arrow Update: Three shipping containers were dropped off on Monday for each group.  Lease discussions still yet to occur. 
- Proposal to reimburse Alan for trailer lights: Unanimous Y
- Executive Discretionary Funds:  Proposal to allow $400 per month to replace presidential descretionary with majority of executive and treasurer approval for any purchases. 28 Y, 1N, 3 Abstaining. 
- Brendan Halliday motions to accept all financial items for the previous meeting.  Sven Hanzka seconds. 
- Draft Quorum Policy:  Discussions still on forum, solution will be voted upon on the 3rd of November general meeting. 
- New Treasurer needed
